README.md, before:

# Designed A CPU using ALTERA FPGA & Verilog HDL.
# This is the Architecture.
![Architecture](Pictures/Architecture%20of%208%20bit%20CPU%20(%20Von-Neumann).jpg)
# This are the Full Instruction set of my CPU.
![Full Instruction Set](Pictures/Instruction_Set.JPG)
# [Click Here to See the Full Instruction Set](Program/instruction_set.txt)
# These are some instructions written by the user.
![User_Code](Pictures/ASM_Code.JPG)
# [Click Here to See the Full ASM Code](Program/Program_asm.txt)
# After converting this code to binary and put it into the EEPROM.
![EEPROM](FPGA%20EEPROM/EEPROM.jpg)
# It will start to execute.
# This is the Picture of the FPGA Board while it Executing this instructions.
![CPU 1](Pictures/FPGA_1.jpg)
![CPU 2](Pictures/FPGA_2.jpg)
# Data Port and Flag Register.
![LED_Display](FPGA%20EEPROM/LED_Display.jpg)
# This is the Full Circuit Configuration.
![Full_Circuit](FPGA%20EEPROM/Full_Board.jpg)
# [Please see the codes for better understanding.](Program/CPU_Design.v)


https://github.com/shuvabratadey/FPGA-CPU-Design/assets/20286896/8216a96e-d70c-4e75-8fc6-9356e11e7fb1


# YouTube Link:- https://youtu.be/it-jdhMR7sY

Commit message:

FPGA_Assembler code added and updated the readme.md

README.md, after:

# Designed A CPU using ALTERA FPGA & Verilog HDL.
# This is the Architecture.
![Architecture](Pictures/Architecture%20of%208%20bit%20CPU%20(%20Von-Neumann).jpg)
# This are the Full Instruction set of my CPU.
![Full Instruction Set](Pictures/Instruction_Set.JPG)
# [Click Here to See the Full Instruction Set](Program/instruction_set.txt)
# These are some instructions written by the user.
![User_Code](Pictures/ASM_Code.JPG)
# [Click Here to See the Full ASM Code](Program/Program_asm.txt)
# The user must utilize this software [FPGA_Assembler.exe](FPGA_Assembler\FPGA_Assembler\bin\Debug\FPGA_Assembler.exe), created in Visual Studio 2012, in order to compile these instructions.
![FPGA_Assembler](Pictures/FPGA_Assembler.jpg)
# After converting this code to binary and put it into the EEPROM.
# User can use this [verilog code](EEPROM\EEPROM.v) to program the EEPROM Chip using FPGA.
![EEPROM](FPGA%20EEPROM/EEPROM.jpg)
# Connect this EEPROM chip to the FPGA after uploading the [verilog code](Program/CPU_Design.v) to the FPGA.
![EEPROM_Connected_to_FPGA](Pictures/EEPROM_Connected_to_FPGA.jpg)
# It will start to execute.
# This is the Picture of the FPGA Board while it Executing this instructions.
![CPU 1](Pictures/FPGA_1.jpg)
![CPU 2](Pictures/FPGA_2.jpg)
# Data Port and Flag Register.
![LED_Display](FPGA%20EEPROM/LED_Display.jpg)
# This is the Full Circuit Configuration.
![Full_Circuit](FPGA%20EEPROM/Full_Board.jpg)


https://github.com/shuvabratadey/FPGA-CPU-Design/assets/20286896/8216a96e-d70c-4e75-8fc6-9356e11e7fb1


# YouTube Link:- https://youtu.be/it-jdhMR7sY
